added project description to docs (#6)
the-radiativity-company/inmates: README.md

# inmates

This project is being conducted on behalf of Chicago Community Bond Fund.

# Problem Space

Chicago Community Bond fund is struggling to meet capacity. New donations have increased their
ability to conduct their mission at a much larger scale as they are growing their efforts state-wide.

One bottleneck is the various sites that have inmate information. The current process is to
manually check these sites to see if they have new information.

It is difficult for volunteers to track the current list of county sites to check.

It is even more difficult for a person to verify whether there is new information on that site or not.
It is also difficult to then combine that manually collected information together to create actionable data.

Luckily, these are all spaces where an automated solution can greatly increase the efficiency of human efforts.

# Goals

- Be able to extract as much information about inmates as each county makes available in an automated fashion. (scrapers/spiders)

- Be able to know when county sites have been updated with new data.(snapshots)

> - Collect all this information in a managed way, in a secure place where CCBF individuals can use and manage the data in the way that works best for them. Provide a way for data to also be manually entered.(api, database)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Persist all inmate information to a secure place where authorized CCBF individuals can use for their advocacy work. Provide a way for data to also be manually entered (api, database, etc.).
```

- Through the above efforts, we'll help cut down on the amount of human effort to conduct routine tasks, and we can build a rich dataset not only of inmate information, but also of the ways counties differ in their dissemination practices. This entire process can potentially generate valuable information to help affect policy goals and ultimately end the cash bail system in Illinois.(advocacy, policy)

# Contributing

There are many ways to contribute to any of the above goals!

> The biggest current need is for code contributions to begin scrapping the data from the various county websites. These are currently documented here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bzZqnXFybr_Hf7iTdalVAZa9VjLtRouhIMsgOoy6ARA/edit?usp=drive_web&ouid=117025765328028106544

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The biggest current need is for code contributions to begin scrapping the data from the various county websites. These are currently documented [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bzZqnXFybr_Hf7iTdalVAZa9VjLtRouhIMsgOoy6ARA/edit?usp=drive_web&ouid=117025765328028106544).
```
